Add Agora Chat Unity/Windows 1.0.9 Release Notes (#2716)
AgoraIO/agora_doc_source: en-US/markdown/agora-chat/Understand/agora_chat_release_notes_unity.md

This page provides release notes for the Agora Chat SDK for C#.

## v1.0.9

v1.0.9 was released on February 1, 2023.

#### New features

1. Adds the following methods to the `SDKClient` class:     

>   - `GetLoggedInDevicesFromServer`: Gets the list of online devices to which you have logged in with a specified account.

Author: OK

  - `KickDevice`: Logs out from a specified account on a device.
  - `kickAllDevices`: Logs out from a specified account on all devices.
2. Adds the following methods to the `RoomManager` class: 
  - `FetchAllowListFromServer`: Gets the allow list of a chat room from the server.

>   - `CheckIfInRoomAllowList`: Checks whether the current member is on the chat room block list.

Author: OK

  - `GetChatRoom`: Gets the details of a chat room from the memory.
  - `UnMuteAllRoomMembers`: Unmutes all members of a chat room.

> 3. Adds the following methods to the `IRoomManagerDelegate` class:

Author: OK

  - `OnSpecificationChangedFromRoom`: Occurs when specifications of a chat room are changed.

>   - `OnAddAllowListMembersFromChatroom`: Occurs when the chat room member(s) is/are added to the allow list of a chat room.

Author: 感觉这两种都能接受，表达单复数同时存在的情况下：用(s) is/are 也是可以的。

  - `OnRemoveAllowListMembersFromChatroom`: Occurs when the chat room member(s) is/are removed from the allow list of a chat room.
  - `OnRemoveFromRoomByOffline`: Occurs when a member is removed from a chat room because he or she gets offline.             

> 4. Adds the following methods to the `IConnectionDelegate` class:

Author: OK

  - `OnLoggedOtherDevice`: Occurs when the user logs in to another device with the current account.
  - `OnRemovedFromServer`：Occurs when the current user account is removed from the server.

>   - `OnForbidByServer`: Occurs when the current user account is banned.

Author: OK

  - `OnChangedIMPwd`：Occurs when the user is forced to log out of the current account because the login password is changed.

>   - `OnLoginTooManyDevice`: Occurs when the user is forced to log out of the current account because he or she reaches the maximum number of devices that the user can log in to with the current account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `OnLoginTooManyDevice`: Occurs when the user is forced to log out of the current account, because the devices on which he or she log in to with the current account reaches the maximum number.
```
是设备超出限制

Author: `OnLoginTooManyDevice`: Occurs when the user is forced to log out of the current account, because she or he has excceded the maximum number of devices allowed for this account.

Author: 这样如何，我看到网上有这么说的：

Step 3: Select Apps. Now that you have configured the account settings, it is time to configure the applications that will be allowed for this account.

>   - `OnKickedByOtherDevice`：Occurs when the user is forced to log out of the current account from the current device due to login to another device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `OnKickedByOtherDevice`：Occurs when the user is forced to log out of the current account from the current device due to the login to another device. 
```

  - `OnAuthFailed`: Occurs when the user is forced to log out of the current account due to an authentication failure.
5. Adds the following attributes to the `Group` class:           

>   - `IsMemberOnly`: Whether users can join a group only via a join request or a group invitation, but cannot join freely. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `IsMemberOnly`: Whether users can join a group only via a join request or a group invitation. They cannot join the group without any request or invitation. 
```
感觉可以补充下 freely 的意思

Author: 这里前半句说明了仅通过申请或邀请的方式，后半句可以直接用"join freely" 表示join freely without conditions，感觉再加上其他的就有些重复了。

>   - `IsMemberAllowToInvite`: Whether other group members than the group owner and admins can invite users to join the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `IsMemberAllowToInvite`: Whether all the group members, other than only the group owner and admins, can invite users to join the group.
```
感觉会更清楚点

Author: 可以

  - `MaxUserCount`：The maximum number of users that can join the group.

>   - `Ext`: Custom group extension information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `Ext`: The custom group extension information.
```

Author: 可以

  - `IsDisabled`: Whether the group is disabled.     
              
#### Improvements

> 1. Changed the name space from ChatSDK to AgoraChat.

Reviewer: namespace 
```suggestion
1. Changed the namespace from `ChatSDK` to `AgoraChat`.
```
namespace 代码里面有的话是否需要代码格式

> 2. Renamed the `handle` parameter in methods as `callback`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Renamed the `handle` parameter in the methods as `callback`.
```

Author: OK

> 3. Renamed the `pushmanager` class.

Reviewer: 重命名后新的名字不需要写出来吗

Author: 哦，这里是笔误，是移除了 `pushmanager`类，Renamed 改成了 Removed.

4. Capitalized the name of each field in the `UserInfo` class.
5. Removed the `UINT32` and `JSONSTRING` types from the `AttributeValue` subclass in the `Message` class.
6. Removed the `i` parameter of the integer type from the `OnDisconnected` method.
7. Adjusted the returned result of the following methods:

>   - `importmessage`: The asynchronous callback is triggered to replace the result returned directly when this method is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `importmessage`: An asynchronous callback is triggered when this method is called. Previously the result was returned directly.
```
感觉对比一下现在vs之前的行为比较清楚

Author: 两种表达的一样。或者用 When this method is called, the asynchronous callback is triggered instead of the result returned directly.

Reviewer: When this method is called, the asynchronous callback is triggered instead of the result returned directly. 感觉这个更好哈

>   - `GetGroupMuteListFromServer`: The data type of the returned result is changed from `List<string>` to `Dictionary<string, string>`.

Reviewer: improvements 部分一般都是一般过去时，这里和下面的 is 是否需要改

Author: OK

  - `FetchRoomMuteList`: The data type of the returned result is changed from `List<string>` to `Dictionary<string, string>`.
8. Renamed the following methods in the `GroupManager` class:
  - `AddGroupWhiteList` is renamed `AddGroupAllowList`.
  - `CheckIfInGroupWhiteList` is renamed `CheckIfInGroupAllowList`.
  - `GetGroupWhiteListFromServer` is renamed `GetGroupAllowListFromServer`.
  - `RemoveGroupWhiteList` is renamed `RemoveGroupAllowList`.            
9. Renamed the following methods in the `RoomManager` class:
  - `AddWhiteListMembers` is renamed `AddAllowListMembers`.
  - `RemoveWhiteListMembers` is renamed `RemoveAllowListMembers`.                

> 10. Changed the `ReactionList` attribute in the `Message` class to be a method.           

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Changed the `ReactionList` attribute in the `Message` class to a method.           
```

Author: OK
